# Briefing Report: Echo Team // 10.05.5014u
Eventually **Echo Team** manage to grab some sleep, but the sun has barely started to rise by the time they’re woken up again. The rain has finally stopped, and the base buzzes with activity. Messages have been arriving by courier that **LSA** reinforcements have started arriving and massing just outside **Nov Elysia** in preparation for a coordinated push to take and secure the city’s central district from **Sovereignty** forces. With the district back under their control, locating the captain and the ambassador should follow shortly The **Lancers** aren’t going to be a part of that operation, though, as **1st Lt. Kim** and **Rio** outline during a briefing via **omnihook**. They have a different objective, one that’s even more crucial to the success of this mission. It’s time to do something about the jamming that’s been blanketing the city; as long as it remains, there are concerns that, lacking the ability to properly coordinate, the **LSA**’s push to retake the central district will be picked apart. Based on intel gathered from various **Union** squads following their arrival at **FOB Saber**, it seems the **Sovereignty** has deployed a network of jamming transmitter units throughout the city. Some squads managed to destroy several that they encountered on their way to the base, but that wasn’t enough to bring the network down.

In order to neutralize the jamming, the entire transmitter network is going to need to be taken offline. Fortunately, **Rio** has put together a viral codespike package that should be capable of disabling the network from a single transmission point. Once loaded onto **Echo Teams** mechs, all they need to do is find a transmitter unit and upload the program, which will happen automatically. However, this will require close proximity access in order to establish a clean link, which means finding and securing a transmitter long enough for the program to upload itself. Local **LSA** forces believe there to be a jamming transmitter located within striking distance of **FOB Saber**, but their intel also suggests that **Sovereignty** forces are heavily reinforcing it, including airborne units patrolling the area. Once the **Lancers** have finished checking over their mechs and all preparations are complete, they’re headed back out into the city to take this transmitter and shut down the jamming once and for all.
